TODO.md, before:

### TODO : 
- [ ] basic head with default lineCount
- [ ] head to return lines of line count
- [ ] Head with options
- [ ] Make head to return 10 lines by default
- [ ] Make head to work through command line

### IDEAS / MAYBE :
- [ ] extract '\n' to const
- [ ] Take options as object and then pass to head
- [ ] change the name of head.js in src
- [ ] extract data manipulation functions to different file

### DONE :

- [x] Implement head for bytes (-c)
- [x] change contract of head to accept separator
- [x] Return number of lines given
    (given lines it has to return given number of lines)
- [x] Provide number of lines as arg
- [x] Create a fn which will return lines of given count ( first n lines)
- [x] create a fn to join lines
- [x] Implement separateLine to take content and return lines
- [x] convert string data to workable data structure
- [x] create a simple head and start with data
  - [x] get head to work for given lines of data
- [x] extract fn into src dir
- [x] test for given content to be returned
- [x] create Dir Structure
- [x] create testHead.js

Commit message:

changed contract of head fn to receive object
* object contains itemCount and seperator

TODO.md, after:

### TODO : 
- [ ] Make parse options 
- [ ] Make head to work through command line
- [ ] head with file
- [ ] head to pass lineCount, separator
- [ ] parse options
- [ ] basic head with default lineCount
- [ ] head to return lines of line count
- [ ] Head with options
- [ ] Make head to return 10 lines by default

### IDEAS / MAYBE :
- [ ] extract '\n' to const
- [ ] Take options as object and then pass to head
- [ ] change the name of head.js in src
- [ ] extract data manipulation functions to different file

### DONE :

- [x] change contract of head fn to receive object 
- [x] Implement head for bytes (-c)
- [x] change contract of head to accept separator
- [x] Return number of lines given
    (given lines it has to return given number of lines)
- [x] Provide number of lines as arg
- [x] Create a fn which will return lines of given count ( first n lines)
- [x] create a fn to join lines
- [x] Implement separateLine to take content and return lines
- [x] convert string data to workable data structure
- [x] create a simple head and start with data
  - [x] get head to work for given lines of data
- [x] extract fn into src dir
- [x] test for given content to be returned
- [x] create Dir Structure
- [x] create testHead.js
